Add template improvements (#650)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/guides/compile-module.rst

   Note that even with ``--release`` set, the produced Wasm module includes
   debug information.

Running the ``cargo concordium build`` command will produce a smart contract module which can be found
relative to your project root folder in ``./target/concordium/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/my_module.wasm.v1``.

> Alternatively, you can run the following command to output your smart contract module into the root folder of your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can supply the location where to store the smart contract module using the `--out` option. For example running the following command will output your smart contract module into the root folder of your project, in a file name `my_module.wasm.v1`.
```
